Look, man
We are all from the same village
Look down and don't see
You can't do things too well.
Can you give me a way to live?
live
When you bullied my sister-in-law
When insulting my Ye family
Have you ever thought of giving my Ye family a way to live?
Oh, dear.
I was wrong. I'm not human.
I destroyed your house
But I was also forced to be helpless
Who is getting married?
This
If I say
Sister Hui, can you let me go?
You've missed your chance to explain
You don't say
And I'm just going to hand them over.
Ok ok ok I said I'll do it
It's He Xiaoze
He Xiaoze forced me to kill you
I was also forced to do so, He Xiaoze
Sure enough it was him
elder sister
I said it all, can you let me go?
let go
Are you going to call someone else?
If not for you
In our landscape
Will it become a poverty-stricken village?
Corrupt officials like you
Must be eradicated
You lied to me. You lied to me.
I didn't promise you anything.
Boss Zhou
It's over to you.